Docs 10035 develop compat matrix prototype oas3 pa--DON'T CLOSE (#94)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/api-spec-support-exchange.adoc

= API Specifications Support in Exchange
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: api, instance, manager

> You can implement your API specification in a way that best suits your needs. The following table explains how each of the features of the API specification is best implemented and the level of support provided for the specification in API Designer.

Author: ```suggestion
You can implement your API specification in a way that best suits your needs. The following table explains how each of the features of the API specification is best implemented and the level of support provided for the specification in Anypoint Exchange.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a,a,a"]
|===
| Feature: Description| RAML Implementation | OAS Implementation | Exchange Support
4+| *Modularity:* The ability to break an API specification into reusable and shared units.

> | API Document: The main API specification description metadata, which is the entry point for the specification. | RAML root document | OAS root document | Allows publication and versioning of an API asset in Exchange console rendering.

Author: ```suggestion
| API Document: The main API specification description metadata, which is the entry point for the specification. | RAML root document | OAS root document | Allows publication and versioning of an API asset in Exchange console rendering. Additionally, advanced search is supported.
```

> | Libraries: The unit containing collections of related reusable description elements. | RAML library | Can be implemented using an empty OAS specification containing multiple components. | Allows publication of a RAML API fragment asset.

Author: ```suggestion
| Libraries: The unit containing collections of related reusable description elements. | RAML library | Can be implemented using an empty OAS specification containing multiple components. | Allows publication of a RAML API fragment asset (only RAML). No console or advanced search is supported.
```

> | Fragments: Stand-alone component of the specification that describes a specific element. | RAML fragment | Can be implemented using an empty OAS specification containing a single component.| Allows publication of a RAML API fragment asset.

Author: Ditto as the previous entry.

> | Overlays: A partial description of the API specification that you can use to overwrite non-functional aspects of the API specification by composing it with the original specification, for example, translating the documentation to other languages. | RAML overlay | Can be simulated with JSON patch or merge preprocessing. | Modified APIs can be published as an API asset.

Author: ```suggestion
| Overlays: A partial description of the API specification that you can use to overwrite non-functional aspects of the API specification by composing it with the original specification, for example, translating the documentation to other languages. | RAML overlay | Can be simulated with JSON patch or merge preprocessing. | Allows publishing modified APIs as an API asset.
```

> | Extensions: A partial description of the API spec that can be used to overwrite non-functional aspects of the API spec composing it with the original specification, like for example adding the security information for a managed API | RAML extension | Can be simulated with JSON patch or merge preprocessing. | Modified APIs can be published as an API asset.

Author: Ditto as the previous entry.
